DAN: Things on Earth were going really well, after the Bakugan
came to live with us. But then out of nowhere,
we were invaded by these mysterious and evil Mechtogan
who were intent on destroying everything.
Coredegon,
Slycerak,
Exostriker,
and Mandibor were their names.
And leading them was this clown Wiseman.
They also had help from an evil pack of Bakugan
called the Nonets. Luckily for us, we had our own
secret weapon in the form of Dragonoid Destroyer.
So we fought back, because no one is going to
take our freedom! Not now, not ever!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The power's in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
KATO: Ah, good. They're finally asleep.
DAN: [snoring]
KATO: Things have been so hectic since that Wiseman showed up.
MARUCHO: [gentle snores and sighs]
KATO: They need their rest more than ever.
SHUN: [breathing]
MIRA: Okay, let's see how this set of calculations works.
KATO: Miss Mira it's well after midnight,
shouldn't you be fast asleep now?
MIRA: Don't you worry Kato, I'm almost done here for the night.
KATO: Very well then miss.
KATO: Just be careful you don't overwork yourself.
MIRA: I'll get all the rest I need, as soon as...
these battle suits are perfected.
BETADRON: Wiseman we need to talk.
WISEMAN: What is it now?
BETADRON: Our losses have been useful in learning about...
the Brawlers but it's time we turn things around.
WISEMAN: Yes.
BETADRON: As much as I hate to say this, I think we have to...
face facts and realize that it may be necessary to summon...
Coredegon and the rest of the Mechtogan to help us.
WISEMAN: I never thought I'd hear you say those words,
Betadron. Whatever changed your mind?
BETADRON: You think this is easy for me?
BETADRON: I may despise Coredegon for betraying Fury...
and the rest of us, but I despise Drago even more!
BETADRON: Right now it's about choosing between...
the lesser of two evils!
BETADRON: Just tell me what we have to do in order to...
summon those swine, so we can get things over with...
once and for all.
WISEMAN: As you know, they're no longer linked to the Bakugan.
WISEMAN: The only way around their newfound autonomy,
is building up enough power of your own to...
override their abilities.
WISEMAN: Hmmph.
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Enemy Allies
DAN: [panting, running reax]
JULIE: Heeeeeey! It's your favourite roving reporter Julie,
coming to you live. Today we're at Battle Brawlers HQ,
where we're gonna go behind the scenes with...
the Brawlers themselves. How totally cool is that huh, guys?
DAN: Hey, Julie. What's going on?
JULIE: Just stuff.
DRAGO: This sounds like trouble.
JULIE: Tell us! Who is this mysterious battler...
Wiseman, huh, Dan?
DAN: [gasp]
JULIE: Marucho! What can you tell us about...
the evil Nonet Bakugan?
MARUCHO: Uhhh...
JULIE: And what about this creepy...
Mechtavius Destroyer thing?
SHUN: [clears throat]
DRAGO: Take it easy, Julie!
RADIZEN: Yeah, 'no comment', lady!
JULIE: But the viewers want to know!
MIRA: [sigh] Finished.
JULIE: Come on! The people have a right to know.
Don't you care about freedom of the press?
SHUN: Not really.
DAN: You know we can't talk on the record about...
an on-going mission.
MIRA: You guys...
ALL: [gasp]
MIRA: ...I did it!
MIRA: Check it out, everyone.
DRAGO: Incredible.
MIRA: The new Battle Suits are ready.
SHUN: Wow, they're amazing, Mira.
DAN: So this is why you've been pulling those all-nighters.
Looks like it's definitely been worth it.
MARUCHO: I can't believe you completed all four of them.
MARUCHO: Does this mean we call you Professor Mira, now?
MIRA: I'm just happy to share our Vestal Technology.
JULIE: Whoa! What a scoop!
Hurry up! Roll the camera!
MIRA: Defendrix has superior mobility,
and is best used for aerial combat.
MIRA: Combustoid has two pillars for legs,
and a low center of gravity,
making him best for ground fighting.
MIRA: [soft moan]
DAN: You okay?
MIRA: [groan]
DAN: Mira!
MIRA: [grunt] [groan]
DAN: Hey sleepyhead!
MIRA: Hi guys.
MARUCHO: You gave us a real scare but the doctors say...
you'll be okay.
DAN: You're just suffering from a case of exhaustion.
JULIE: Thank goodness Dan was there to catch you.
SHUN: The important thing is that you take it easy.
The doctors have ordered a week of bed rest for you.
MIRA: A whole week?
MIRA: That's silly. I'm totally fine.
ALL: [shocked grunt]
MIRA: I just needed a little nap is all.
[gasp]
DAN: Whoa! Slow down!
MIRA: But Dan, if I'm in here who's going to guide you...
through using the new Battle Suits?
DAN: Don't worry about that right now.
MARUCHO: Yeah. The only thing you need to focus on...
is getting better, Mira.
SHUN: We'll just hold off on using the battle suits.
DAN: Night night.
MIRA: Bye.
JULIE: Get well soon, hon!
KATO: If there's anything you require,
please don't hesitate to call me, miss. Goodnight.
MIRA: Kato, wait.
KATO: Yes?
MIRA: There is actually something you can do.
MARUCHO: Shun has the right idea. We should wait...
until Mira is back before we use the Battle Suits.
RADIZEN: Awwww man! But they looked so totally sweet!
RADIZEN: Can you imagine the thrashing we could give...
the Nonets with those? Just like that they'd be pounded...
into dust. It would be so awesome!
JAAKOR: We won the last few battles just fine on our own.
DAN: That's right! When Wiseman shows up we'll give him...
an old fashioned whooping.
SHUN: You bet.
JULIE: Yeah! That's the spirit!
DRAGO: Are you guys still here?
JULIE: Mmm-hmm.
KATO: Marucho I'm afraid I must step out momentarily.
MARUCHO: No problem, but is everything okay, Kato?
KATO: Yes, I just have to run an errand for Ms. Mira,
I'll be right back. Bye.
DAN: An errand for Mira?
MARUCHO: Yeah, I wonder what it is?
LITTLE GIRL: Yum!
TODDLER: [cooing]
MAN A: Whooooaa!
WOMAN A: Who the heck is that?
MAN A: It's that creep we saw on the news!
WOMAN A: You mean the one who used Bakugan to trash...
the construction site?
[phone ringing]
JULIE: It's the station manager!
DRAGO: Maybe he's wondering why you're not at work.
JULIE: Hey, ya, boss, Julie here.
Yeah, I'm just finishing up my interview with...
the Brawlers and...whaaaat? Wiseman is back in town?
DAN: Man, no way!
CROWD OF PEOPLE: [panicked screams]
RANGER: Everyone! Please, please remain calm!
RANGER: Hold up! You can't go in there!
DAN: Relax, we're the Battle Brawlers.
ALL: [exertion, running reax]
JULIE: Come on, we're missing it!
DAN: [frustrated grunt] Wiseman!
WISEMAN: [evil chuckle]
WISEMAN: Your response time is impressive...
as usual Battle Brawlers.
DAN: Listen, pal! Your days of hiding behind...
that mask end now!
DAN: Huh?
WISEMAN: Come on, Kuso. Let's settle this...
with a proper battle.
WISEMAN: Bakugan Brawl!
WISEMAN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
ALL: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Reptak! Drago!
SHUN: Get ready, Jaakor!
MARUCHO: Come on it's time to fight, Radizen!
DAN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump! SHUN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
MARUCHO: Bakugan Stand!
ALL: [rising mighty roar]
BETADRON: Drago! You're about to feel the full strength...
of my wrath! Haaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
BETADRON: [grunt, pain reax]
MUTABRID: [sinister chuckle]
JAAKOR: Hmmm. That amateur magic trick won't...
help you anymore, Mutabrid.
JAAKOR: Hmmph!
MUTABRID: Aaaarrrghhhh!
JAAKOR: Got you!
RADIZEN: Haaaaaaah!
SPATTERIX: You missed me, turkey-lizard!
SPATTERIX: [grunt, pain reax] What was that?
RADIZEN: A bull's-eye!
WORTON: Get ready to hurt!
Haaaaaaah!
REPTAK: Haaaaaaah!
TREMBLAR: Target, lock-on!
TREMBLAR: What? Scanning for signs of target.
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu!
TREMBLAR: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
TREMBLAR: System malfunction, system malfunction!
WISEMAN: That's it, keep battling and soon you will...
have the energy required to summon the Mechtogan.
WISEMAN: Revenge will be your sweet reward, Worton!
MARUCHO: We can win this, Roxtor!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Supreme Jet Shot!
JAAKOR: Good niiiiiiiight!
ALL: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Astral!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaah!
ALL: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
JULIE: Whoa! Nice one!
Looks like the Brawlers are all over it!
BETADRON: How much longer until we can summon them?
WISEMAN: [chuckle] Patience Betadron,
victory will soon be yours.
SPATTERIX: Does that mean we're ready now?
TREMBLAR: Yes Spatterix, I think it does.
WISEMAN: Oh wandering Mechtogan! I command you to join us...
in battle and lend us your strength!
MARUCHO: Whoa! This looks bad!
SHUN: Heads up! They're coming!
DAN: Guess we're fighting Mechtogan too!
JULIE: Oh my gosh!
[heavy ground impact]
MANDIBOR: I wondered if you'd summon us again.
SLYCERAK: I'm surprised it took this long!
EXOSTRIKER: Are the Brawlers too powerful for you...
to take down on your own?
COREDEGON: Whatever the case, we're here now and...
we know what needs to be done.
Slycerak, Exostriker, Mandibor!
SLYCERAK: Aye aye, sir!
MANDIBOR: We're on it!
EXOSTRIKER: This is gonna be fun!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Integrate Mechtavius Destroyer!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Be gone!
REPTAK: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DRAGO: Reptak!
DRAGO: We need to call Dragonoid Destroyer!
DAN: Yup!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Not so fast punks!
DRAGO: Watch out, Dan!
DRAGO: Hmmmph!
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: How brave of you! Hmmmph!
DRAGO: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Whoooooaaaa!
DAN: Oooomph!
SHUN: Dan!
MARUCHO: Are you okay?
SHUN: Answer us! Dan!
SHUN: [gasp] MARUCHO: [gasp]
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Now it's your turn to disappear!
MARUCHO: [gasp] Now Radizen!
Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Luster Drain!
RADIZEN: Close your eyes 'cos this is gonna stiiiiiiing!
MARUCHO: Your turn Roxtor!
Ability activate!
Power Kronis!
SHUN: Let's go Jaakor!
Ability activate!
SHUN: Supreme Jet Shot!
JAAKOR: Haaaaaaah!
RADIZEN: Nice one!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: You call that power? Try this!
ALL: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MARUCHO: Oh no!
SHUN: Listen up, Marucho! I think we're going to have to...
combine to keep things even!
MARUCHO: Right!
SHUN: [whistles]
SKYTRUSS: You rang, boss?
ORBEUM: Tell us what you need.
SHUN: We need a helping hand.
SHUN: Bakugan Brawl!
SHUN: Baku Sky Raider, Jump!
SKYTRUSS: Though we may come from the shadows!
ORBEUM: We'll blind you with our amazing powers!
SKYTRUSS: I am Darkus Skytruss!
ORBEUM: And I am Darkus Orbeum!
ORBEUM: Bakugan Unite! SKYTRUSS: Bakugan Unite!
ORBEUM: Ha! SKYTRUSS: Ha!
JAAKOR: Combined Ninjas, Herculean Power!
RADIZEN: Now Roxtor!
ROXTOR: Kyukyukyu! RADIZEN: Bakugan Unite!
COMBINED RADIZEN: I think we need to work on our...
combo maneuver a bit Roxtor! That one hurt!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Am I supposed to be...
intimidated, fools!
COMBINED RADIZEN: Whooooaaa!
COMBINED RADIZEN: Marucho!
MARUCHO: Combined Ability activate!
MARUCHO: Abyss Grander!
COMBINED RADIZEN: [rising mighty roar]
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [grunt, pain reax]
Oooomph!
SHUN: Combined Ability activate!
SHUN: Supreme Rumble!
JAAKOR: You're going down!
Haaaaaaaaah!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [groan] You're going to pay for that!
COMBINED JAAKOR: What?
COMBINED RADIZEN: C-c-coooold!
COMBINED JAAKOR: I'm stuck!
COMBINED RADIZEN: Me too!
JULIE: Oh no!
JULIE: Come on guys! You gotta break free!
JULIE: Everyone's counting on you!
KATO: We're almost there, miss.
KATO: Please make sure that you're buckled in.
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [evil chuckle]
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: What? No snappy comebacks?
COMBINED JAAKOR and COMBINED RADIZEN: [grunt, exertion reax]
COMBINED JAAKOR and COMBINED RADIZEN: Whooooooaaaaa!
MARUCHO: [gasp] Roxtor, Radizen...
SHUN: Jaakor, Skytruss, Orbeum...
SKYTRUSS: Well that didn't go as planned.
ORBEUM: Sorry, Shun.
MARUCHO: Mira! We need you to send out the...
SHUN: She's not there.
SHUN: [angry grunt]
DRAGO: Dan! Wake up!
REPTAK: C'mon, pal! We need you!
DRAGO: Dan!
RUNO: You heard 'em! Get up!
DRAGO: [gasp] REPTAK: Huh?
RUNO: Quit lying down on the job! Wake up!
DAN: [groan] Relax Runo...
DRAGO: He's right! That is Runo's voice!
SHUN: I thought I recognized it.
MARUCHO: Is it you, Runo?
RUNO: You betcha but let's just save the hugs for later.
I have to get you the Battle Suits.
RUNO: Coordinates locked.
Battle Suit Clawbruk teleport to Radizen!
RUNO: Fortatron teleport to Jaakor!
RUNO: Combustoid, to Reptak!
Defendrix, to Drago!
DAN: Wicked! Let's do this, guys!
ALL: Bakugan Brawl!
RADIZEN: Oh yeah!
JAAKOR: Hmmmmph!
REPTAK: Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Hmmmmph!
RUNO: Connection complete!
Battle systems fully operational.
Synchro rate operating at 100%
DAN: Oh yeah! There's no way those clowns...
are gonna stop us now!
JULIE: Whoa! How exciting folks!
JULIE: You're getting a first look at the new battle suits!
MIRA: Way to go, Runo!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Hmmmph! Even with your new toys,
you're no match for me, Brawlers!
DAN: Ready, Drago?
DRAGO: Leave it to me, Dan!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaah!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Hmmmph. Pathetic!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Get back here!
DRAGO: Whoa! These suits are phenomenal!
DAN: You can thank Mira! Let's go, Reptak!
REPTAK: You got it!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [grunt, pain reax]
Now you're just annoying me, little bug!
REPTAK: Hmmmmph!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [grunt, pain reax]
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Oooomph!
MARUCHO: Get 'em!
RADIZEN: Haaaaaaah!
SHUN: Now Jaakor!
JAAKOR: Hmmmmph!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Not again!
ALL NONETS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
EXOSTRIKER: These pathetic Nonets aren't...
going to last much longer.
MANDIBOR: You're right. We'd better do something now!
SLYCERAK: Time to take the Brawlers down!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Let's go then!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: [rising mighty roar]
DRAGO: [grunt, exertion reax]
DAN: Whoooooa!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: I'm going to grind your bones to dust!
JAAKOR: All of you, take cover!
JAAKOR: Hmmmph!
SHUN: Rush forward, Jaakor!
JAAKOR: [rising mighty roar]
DAN: Now guys! MARUCHO: Now guys!
ALL: Haaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Open wide!
REPTAK: You creeps!
RADIZEN: It's time...
JAAKOR: ...to vanish!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: Nooooo!
ALL NONETS: Aaaarrrrgggghhhh!
MECHTAVIUS DESTROYER: This isn't over Brawleeeeeers!
DAN: Huh? Oh, Wiseman
WISEMAN: Your new Battle Suits are quite impressive, Kuso.
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Show your face coward!
DAN: Hey!
Huh?
DAN: Aw man!
JULIE: Runo darling! Oh it's so good to see you!
RUNO: Hahaha! Good to see you too!
I missed you Julie.
DAN: Yeah, well all I wanna know is how you wound up...
bringing us the Battle Suits just in time.
MARUCHO: I'm guessing that fetching Runo was...
the errand Kato had to run for Mira, right?
KATO: That's right.
MIRA: Runo knows Vestal Technology really well,
I need your help.
MIRA: Will you please go and get her?
KATO: Of course I will.
MIRA: Let me run you through the teleportation protocols.
RUNO: I'm listening.
KATO: I'm just glad I could help.
RUNO: Kato's the one you should thank.
His crazy flying is what got me here in time.
KATO: Oh my. You're much too kind Miss Runo.
DAN: Well, I gotta tell you we're all psyched...
to have you back on the team.
DRAGO: Yes. We've missed you, Runo.
RUNO: Oh Gee, thanks guys!
RADIZEN: Um, excuse me but I don't think we've been...
formally introduced.
DRAGO: Don't mind him. He talks too much!
RUNO: Then we're gonna get along just fine!
JULIE: Hey, it's everyone's favourite roving reporter,
Julie here. You may not know this but Bakugan Land was
a fun park that the Bakugan erected as a thank-you to
the people of Earth for letting them live here.
It used to be a super fun place for families to hang out,
but all of that's changed now, ever since that creep Wiseman
showed up. So me and my trusty microphone are gonna get to
the bottom of this by asking Wiseman what the heck
his problem is. I mean, why does he have to spoil it
for everyone? Tune in to see how my interview goes.
Until then, this is Julie signing off!
\u266a [MUSIC]